all great things take a little bit of
time to come together and coalesce and
that applies to sports and we've got a
great group of guys so it's just a
little bit of time in focus
well tal did it they are headed to Miami
it is the first week of playoffs I'm
joined it right now by Steve with
coverage presented by Omni / I forgot
their mic flag I don't have it either
way we're gonna talk a little bit about
what just happens so you guys clean
swept c9 after c9 looks so dominant over
the course of split you guys were kind
of floundering at points so what I mean
did you expect to - for it to be such a
clean sweep actually I thought
throughout the week that we were gonna
have a tough match a tougher match today
c9 is not the type of organization or
team to kind of roll over and playoffs I
always think back to the gauntlet when
we were headed to Worlds and they kind
of broke through and even though we
placed third in the in the regular
season it was like oh fuck we didn't
make worlds this time and so I just knew
that they were gonna put it in like you
know overdrive to prepare for the
matches
even though scrims were pretty dominant
for us I we all took it's so serious and
but I was I was I was shocked that we we
dominated in the way that we did now
while we're talking about domination
jackets would give you should all split
long on Twitter so I did I did really
enjoy your tweet where you just put out
the copy of every single one of us
tweets a period like conversations
fucking over
so that must feel pretty good but I mean
yeah talk to me a little bit I mean what
was that rivalry like over the course of
split and you guys both had people just
like generating Spongebob memes for
everything it's got to feel good now
yeah it feels great I mean it's good to
have a little bit of fun I appreciate
like the little bit of rivalry and you
know back and forth between the teams I
actually think that North American LCS
in general needs more of that ferocity
that kind of like you know I'm going and
I'm gonna fuck these guys up and like
they're the enemy and we need to win
there's so much
[Music]
you know familiarity between the players
as well as camaraderie like they have
played together some times on previous
organizations and everybody kinds of
knows each other so I'd like to see more
you know more more kind of aggression
more shit talk I think that's kind of
great for the ecosystem in general and
that sports it should be that way
well you're bringing it to two Jack
today I mean what what would you say to
him if he watches this interview or
anybody out there that was expecting him
to pull this out I just say apparently
you lost the off season there we go
there we go bring bring back the memes
yeah we were joking before and I was
like I don't know what's stronger the c9
reverse sweep or the TL forth well how
are you guys gonna avoid fourth cuz
you're still on track for it right now
yes I mean it's one of those things
where it could happen right I am I
actually thought the matches today are
gonna be harder than the matches that
we'll play next week but we'll see you
know I am still aiming for TSM and TL
finals I think we're the two best teams
in North America right now and I'd love
to win that and go to MSI now I think
you don't know who you're playing until
after tomorrow's matches but which one
of the teams would you prefer to play
well we'd absolutely prefer to play
clutch they're just bad and so we'll
have a higher likelihood of winning
against them so yeah I mean that's what
we'd prefer I think you you can't play a
clutch right because they're on the same
or the opposite side of the bracket and
so you would get either echo fox or
hundred thieves I think this is the
likely winner I think of whatever it is
I mean both echo fox and clutch are not
looking so hot right now sorry I think
it is is echo Fox yeah we'd play either
of those guys I think they are kind of
unraveling a little bit and we're coming
into our stride at the right time with
with this team I mean what can you talk
to me a little bit about and I don't
know how much you saw on a day-to-day
basis but it just seemed like a team
that for awhile struggled to find its
footing sort of the roster people were
people predicted to be first or second
at the very beginning and then
for a while you guys were kind of hang
out in the middle so what was the split
like for you guys I'm kind of behind the
scenes with a team you know there was a
great number of expectations from a lot
of different parties you know you had
the analysts hyping us up and saying we
were one of the best the world rankings
had us in the top ten we were getting a
lot of feedback from other teams and
players like TL is just insane so we
walked into the season with everybody
expecting us to continue and actually we
came in swinging right it was one of
those things was like are they gonna
beat him in less than 26 minutes in this
next game so I think it was good that we
lost some games and kind of had to
refocus and figure out where were a weak
as a team and just hit our stride so I'd
rather that happen then and for us to
have the timing that we we currently are
and kind of coming into the game I mean
all great things take a little bit of
time to come together and coalesce and
that applies to sports and we've got a
great group of guys so it's just a
little bit of time in focus how many
remember when was the last time if you
can remember when TL played on like the
big stage at one of these major events I
think it was we played in Vegas for the
third fourth place match and then we
played at Madison Square Gardens for the
third fourth place match and I mean it's
just amazing to finally get back into it
after a year of just not doing so hot I
think we came to some pretty important
realizations on what makes a really
great team which I won't share and so
that seems to to be working but Miami's
gonna be fantastic it's gonna be an
awesome weekend it's gonna be great
weather and I can't wait to see all the
Miami fans out there you know it's like
I don't think we've ever done an event
like in Florida
so there's gonna be a huge Halla Hasse
there was Tallahassee which was a MSI I
don't know if you can't tell ask you
it's very different than Miami yeah
Miami's like where it's at you know you
go to Florida you go to Miami I feel
like you're already ready for Miami this
is some you've got it down yeah I'm
ready to go there anything you want to
say to any of the fans out there I just
say like all the fans that follow
on Twitter and Facebook and we've got a
massive discord channel now where
everybody kind of watches the games you
know thanks for sticking through kind of
a pretty tough middle of the season and
TL has a lot of great things in store
and so thanks for all of your support
thank you so much for the interview
congratulations on the win and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on YouTube channel hey guys
it's me Travis cafard you may know me
from the interview that you just watched
the end so that you're seeing the outro
now wanted to give you a heads up that
if you subscribe to the YouTube channel
you're actually a better human being and
by the way thank you so much to Omni
slash for making this all possible